speechComp documentation (#38)
robocomp/robocomp-robolab: components/interaction/speechComp/README.md

# speechComp

> The `speechComp` component is a Python wrapper implementation of many libraries for the Text-to-Speech(TTS) task. The underlying logic is to run bash command utilizing `festival` TTS library or online TTS Google service for different languages via Python environment. This component uses `Speech.idsl` interface to implement template functions for running TTS from a string argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `speechComp` component is a Robocomp Component wrapper implementation of several libraries for the Text-to-Speech(TTS) task. The underlying logic is to run bash command utilizing `festival` TTS library or online TTS Google service for different languages via Robocomp Component environment. This component implements the `Speech.idsl` interface to receive string arguments to be spoken in the TTS.
```

#### festival

The current implementation provides two languages for TTS:

- **English**
To use English TTS, the user must install `festival` library, which is already available in Ubuntu PPA:

```bash
sudo apt install festival
```

- **Spanish**

The default language of `festival` is English. If the user would like Spanish TTS, the user can download the Junta de Andalucía's synthetic voices that can be found in this [Github repository](https://github.com/guadalinex-archive/hispavoces/find/master).

The user should download the latest `festvox-sflpc16k_1.0-1_all.deb` package and install with:
```bash
sudo dpkg -i festvox-sflpc16k_1.0-1_all.deb
```

and test the installation with this command:
```bash
echo "Robocomp es el mejor software de robótica de Extremadura" | iconv -f utf-8 -t iso-8859-1 | festival --tts --language spanish
```

#### Google TTS
For the online Google TTS service, there are many more languages to choose from. Please install the `gTTS` library:

```
pip install gTTS
```

### Compile the component

> Finally, we can compile `speechComp` to start using the component:

Reviewer: Can you test this? I think this component doesn't need to be compiled.

Author: Yes, it does not require the comp to be compiled. I will fix that
